Thank you.
the name about him.
But now there seems to be a new song on the horizon.
And I have to think, what could be the new song?
It must be that there is a song that begins.
That even angels can't sing.
Only we who have been redeemed and ransomed by his precious book can sing this new song.
Sing to the Lord and say the new song.
Sing to the Lord and he abides us all the earth.
Sing to the Lord.
Bless his name, exalt his name.
When something's repeated like that over and over again, it's beginning our attention, it's progress, our attention.
Look at your Isaiah six.
You remember how the angels cry, hold it, hold it.
It's a trippy.
It forces us to think about what's really being said.
And if we know this, he tells us, sing unto the Lord.
And I just want to twice, but over and over again, it is the idea to find delightful precious and exquisite the name of God.
And when I think about all that he is and all that he's done,
We can't just put limits on him, because he's been so much to so many.
You really can't appreciate it until you begin to deal with all of the various names, because we get names from events, we get names from various movements of God.
For example, we call him Jehovah-Shamom, because he's the God of Peace.
Because Jehovah needs it because he fights our back.
He's our banner.
We call him various names because he's done so many things.
So here the song is the same.
Let's just insult his name.
Feel the life to say, let's make his name great.
Martin Luther said Christ is now a expression to me
as if he had shed his blood, but this better not.
He'll never be clap in place about what God has done.
His mercies are renewed.
You get fresh blessings.
And if the blessings are fresh, then the praise is ought to be fresh.
that means blessing us continually and constantly and renewing this blessing upon us, that our worship are not able to stay, but to our exalt His name.
Praise on the breakout.
Worship on the breakout.
And the breakout will lose sight.
Father is the King.
Yes, yes.
But not only are we to exalt His name, the texts of just us, that we all have to expand His kingdom.
Pics up with that second person, and he goes home to say, tell of his salvation from David.
In other words, we are afraid of news.
That God in Christ has reconciled the world to himself, and he tells us in this verse,
that we ought to do with day after day.
That we are not more weary in well-being, that we ought to continually exalt His name, but that continually extends His kingdom.
We ought to reach out to the end of the earth.
We are told in the text to extend this kingdom by proclaiming its salvation.
And we're told to win the ultimate day by day, and we're told
when we ought to do it among all the nations.
We ought to break down any barriers, any walls of separation and tradition, and tell everybody that song comes to my mind.
Get all this.
Run and tell everybody that Jesus Christ is King.
We ought to extend His witness.
We ought to extend His Kingdom.
We ought to worship.
Because God uses worship to feel the earth.
We've got to tempt it everywhere.
We all not get tired.
We all not grow ashamed.
We all are just tempted.
Don't just wait till you have a good day.
Don't make a good day to build a bad day.
running from president's talk, and then they talk about somebody.
We need to live the energy.
Somebody needs to say something about Jesus.
We cannot depend on the political system.
We need some Jesus.
We need the extremely skinny.
Our message is not the motive of a democratic.
It's not conservative or liberal.
Our message is the message of the cross.
Our message is the message of the gospel.
And we ought to extend that witness to the very ends of it.
And this text tells us that we are due with a one-law.
Listen to that.
Declare this rule among the nation.
Is marvelous works among all of you?
Your attend.
Go on and touch your neighbor and tell him, open your mouth.
You ought to be a witness if the law has done anything before you.
I know that he hate you.
You ought to be a witness.
You ought to tell somebody about the business of the law.
We ought to exalt His name.
We ought to listen.
We ought to extend this kingdom.
And then we ought to express this kingdom.
Look at what we're doing all this for the long, for great years of old and great men to be pregnant.
As we absorb this name and look for ways to extend this kingdom, we will be drawn into this third imperative for worship.
And that is, we will want to
His presence is green.
That's why I glory Him alone.
Because when I think about who He is, look at the attributes that are personified to describe His glory.
Look at that.
Strender and majesty are before Him.
Strength and glory are in His sanctuary.
Look, look like to me, he's saying that in his company, it's good.
In his presence, it's smooth.
He's just majestic.
It just oozes all around us.
He says, mm, mm, good.
I just came up.
I don't even, I kind of have plain books.
I wish I could describe them, but it's him describing them.
It's all just says, ascribe to him.
His word, the scratch, and he recognized his greatness because majesty and strength will warm on him.
When you think about what he's done for him, you ought to find practical ways of just letting the world know who signed him.
That's the next this morning.
I got to worship in response to who he is.
I have to worship.
I'm going to bring it off.
But I think about all that he's done for.
But I think about how far he's brought me.
I'm going to bring it off.
But I make it to the chair.
I make a rest of the money.
I make it in trouble on Tuesday.
We used to might get a rough.
And I'm trying to hang on to be third in the sack.
And I hear somebody say, what's the only point?
I want to know if anybody in the room, when Sunday comes, it's time to worship the Lord.
He's the beauty of his holy, with rings you got to get ready.
You got to get your mind ready.
You got to get your heart ready.
You got to get your clothes ready.
You spent time when we would lay our eyes closed on Saturday night.
If you had a hundred girls, you had to do it.
Oh, sad.
But they didn't want that foolishness.
Oh, son.
All I tried to tell you is, it's time to worship Him.
It's time to give Him the goal.
It's time to bring Him the arm.
So with my mouth, I will embrace.
With my heart, I will embrace.
With my very being, I will embrace.
Come on with me, let's worship the Lord.
In the beauty of His whole life, I'm thinking right now, and as long as my mind can think.
Bye bye.